SRVCOM-1575: Add Serverless 1.20.0 release notes (#40821)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-rn-1-20-0.adoc

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ kn event send --to Service:serving.knative.dev/v1:event-display
----
+
Sending an event to other addressable objects, such as brokers or channels, is not affected by this issue and works as expected.

* The Kafka broker currently does not work on a cluster with Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) mode enabled.

* If you create a Springboot function project directory with the `kn func create` command, subsequent running of the `kn func build` command fails with this error message:
+
[source,terminal]
----
[analyzer] no stack metadata found at path ''
[analyzer] ERROR: failed to : set API for buildpack 'paketo-buildpacks/ca-certificates@3.0.2': buildpack API version '0.7' is incompatible with the lifecycle
----
+
As a workaround, you can change the `builder` property to `gcr.io/paketo-buildpacks/builder:base` in the function configuration file `func.yaml`.

* Deploying a function using the `gcr.io` registry fails with this error message:
+
[source,terminal]
----
Error: failed to get credentials: failed to verify credentials: status code: 404
----
+
As a workaround, use a different registry than `gcr.io`, such as `quay.io` or `docker.io`.

> * Functions created with the TypeScript runtime and the `http` template do not get deployed on the cluster.

Reviewer: I would probably change a bit the phase here, but I don't have a better idea...
maybe..  
```suggestion
* TypeScript functions created with the`http` template fails to deploy on the cluster.
```

+
This issue can be reproduced with these steps:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ kn func create -l typescript -t http /tmp/ts-http
Created typescript Function in /tmp/ts-http
----
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ kn func deploy -r docker.io/jrangelramos -p /tmp/ts-http
   🙌 Function image built: docker.io/jrangelramos/ts-http:latest
🕖 Deploying function to the cluster
Error: knative deployer failed to wait for the Knative Service to become ready: timeout: service 'ts-http' not ready after 120 seconds
----
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ kn func run -p /tmp/ts-http
cat: /sys/fs/cgroup/memory/memory.limit_in_bytes: No such file or directory
/layers/paketo-buildpacks_node-engine/node/profile.d/0_memory_available.sh: line 3: / ( 1024 * 1024 ) : syntax error: operand expected (error token is "/ ( 1024 * 1024 ) ")
Error: Cannot find module '/workspace/build/index.js'
Require stack:

    /layers/paketo-buildpacks_npm-install/modules/node_modules/faas-js-runtime/bin/cli.js

> ----

Reviewer: Here I think there is no need to add the steps to reproduce because the issue description is self descriptive. 

On reproduce steps it has the `kn func run` (just as I added in the ticket), but I added that way just because it is the quickest way to capture the error (devs could use that for throubleshoot). End users would do `kn func deploy` and they would need to inspect the console for the error on pod logs (which is created and destroyed pretty quick).

> ----

Reviewer 2: Can you make the examples generic please, instead of using `jrangelramos` etc? 😄

Reviewer 3: :) Well-spotted. But I deleted this altogether per Jefferson's other comment.

Author: :) Well-spotted, but I deleted this part altogether per Jefferson's other comment

+
As a workaround, in the `func.yaml` file, replace the following section:
+
[source,terminal]
----
buildEnvs: []
----
+
with this:
+
[source,terminal]
----
buildEnvs:
- name: BP_NODE_RUN_SCRIPTS
  value: build
----
+

> TypeScript functions with the `event` templates do not have this issue.

Reviewer: Here a suggestion... I think I would probably omit this line as well.. once there is no issue with cloudevents template for Typescript. That was just a side note for devs...
But in case you leave this line use `cloudevents` instead of `event`.

Author: Omitted the line.

[id="serverless-rn-1-20-0_{context}"]
= Release Notes for Red Hat {ServerlessProductName} 1.20.0

[id="new-features-1-20-0_{context}"]
== New features

* {ServerlessProductName} now uses Knative Serving 0.26.
* {ServerlessProductName} now uses Knative Eventing 0.26.
* {ServerlessProductName} now uses Kourier 0.26.
* {ServerlessProductName} now uses Knative `kn` CLI 0.26.
* {ServerlessProductName} now uses Knative Kafka 0.26.
* The `kn func` CLI plug-in now uses `func` FIXME.

> // Is `kn func` using version later than 0.19?

Reviewer 2: @lance can you provide the version please

> * The Kafka broker is now available as a Technology Preview.

Reviewer 4: Don't we want to mention the `kn event` plugin being available as Tech Preview?

[id="fixed-issues-1-20-0_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

[id="known-issues-1-20-0_{context}"]
== Known issues

> * {ServerlessProductName} deploys kservices with the default address that uses HTTPS. When using the in-cluster sender job, the sender does not have the cluster Certificate Authority (CA) configured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* {ServerlessProductName} deploys Knative services with a default address that uses HTTPS. When using the in-cluster sender job, the sender does not have the cluster certificate authority (CA) configured. This causes delivery to fail, unless the cluster uses globally accepted certificates.
```

I'd do this instead and remove the next line

Reviewer 2: tbh it's not really clear to me what any of this means - we don't previously mention things like "in-cluster sender job" anywhere in the current docs that I'm aware of. If this is `kn event` specific stuff I think it needs to be made clearer what it relates to.

Reviewer 4: Yes. This is `kn event` internal machinery - the way it sends events to cluster internal components. The known issue is definitely about `kn event` fault, but in conjunction to how knative is configured as OpenShift Serverless distribution (HTTPS by default).

+
Consequently, the delivery fails, unless cluster uses globally accepted Certificates.
+
For example, this delivery works:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ kn event send --to-url https://sockeye-default.openshift.org

Reviewer 4: Maybe we should use standard `example.org` sub-domain.
```suggestion
$ kn event send --to-url https://sockeye-default.openshift.example.org
```

Reviewer 2: It would be nice if this used the same URL used in older docs, e.g. https://deploy-preview-40821--osdocs.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/serverless/develop/serverless-applications.html#kn-service-describe_serverless-applications

`http://hello-default.apps.ocp.example.com`
`http://event-delivery-default.example.com`
something like this

> $ kn event send --to-url https://sockeye-default.openshift.org

Reviewer 2: It seems confusing to me to introduce `kn event` this way. Is this issue specific to `kn event`? Does it apply for other eventing functionality?

Reviewer 4: No. This is `kn event` functionality. Not eventing.

----
+

> This delivery fails, if ksvc is not local to the cluster:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This delivery fails, if knative service uses public address, with HTTPS certificate issued by custom CA:
```

Reviewer 2: Knative (capital K)

Reviewer 2: updated this suggestion, hope that's ok

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ kn event send --to Service:v1:sockeye

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
$ kn event send --to Service:serving.knative.dev/v1:sockeye
```

----
+

> Sending to brokers and channels works.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sending an event to other addressable objects, such as brokers or channels, is not affected by this issue and works as expected.
```

suggestion, I feel like this reads sort of oddly but maybe that's just me
